# UsefulBatchFiles
A general repository to collect various small batch files I've made that have been useful.

## raplaylist.cmd
Creates basic RetroArch playlists in the current JSON format from plain text files containing a list of roms with their full paths. Works with both Windows paths and Unix-like paths.
Requires dos2unix.exe in the current directory or in your PATH for the generated playlist to be readable by RetroArch: https://waterlan.home.xs4all.nl/dos2unix.html

For example, to create a playlist with all .sfc/.smc Super NES roms in the current directory and sub-directories:
```
dir /B /S *.s?c >"SNES.txt"
raplaylist "SNES.txt"
```
The above will generate SNES.lpl which can then be copied to RetroArch's *playlists* directory. Thumbnails and playlist icons are not required for playlists to function, but if you want them remember that they need to be named according to the playlist name chosen. In this example, thumbnails would need to go in *thumbnails\SNES\Named_Boxarts* etc. and icons need to be named *SNES.png* and *SNES-content.png* in the various folders within *assets*, depending on what UI driver you are using.

Note that rom CRCs are not generated by this script, and are not usually required. For more info on RetroArch's JSON playlist format see http://docs.libretro.com/guides/roms-playlists-thumbnails/

## vesync.py
This is a really basic example python script for controlling VeSync-enabled devices from the command line. There's no web interface or VeSync app for Windows/Linux, so this is a good alternative to having to use Alexa for PC control of VeSync devices. This script uses and requires pyvesync, see https://pypi.org/project/pyvesync/.

This features only the relevant options/values for controlling Levoit Core 200S air purifiers, but can be easily adapted for other VeSync purifiers or as an example for other VeSync-compatible devices. You will need to already have a VeSync account and to have added your devices to your account with the VeSync app.

For available command line options run `vesync.py -h`, and to list all VeSync devices on your account run `vesync.py -i`
